## Self - Assessment
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#####   Completing the course work throughout the program has helped me refine my skills in Java, Python, and Web Development. Using this wonderful Capstone class, I was able to go back and improve older projects using advanced coding techniques which mirror that of professionals and high-level engineers. From using new and advanced database techniques to creating a full-fledged application and a functioning faux travel site I have been able to learn plenty in the field of software engineering. Each project has shown my strengths in coding advanced applications while being able to improve older work which was not as refined. I have also learned new skills in marketing and stocks due to my deep dive into stocks when creating a MongoDB Pipeline as one of my refinement projects.
#####	  Each artifact comes with its own unique addition to the ePortfolio. My first applications, which is my BizzyBee To-do List served as a refine project to enhance my knowledge on Java and its various features in the scope of application development. My second project, which was converting a Java based slideshow of travel places to a website, allowed me to learn quite a lot about handling data within databases as well as programming and creating a full-fledged travel website. The travel website was one of the most fun projects since I was able to brush up on HTML5 and CSS. Lastly, my mongoDB stock-based pipeline helped me enhance my knowledge on the stock market and more importantly new techniques in python programming. Each project added a wealth of new knowledge and I am more than happy with how each project came out. 
#####	  When looking at things at a deeper level each project required a deep dive into the world of programming. My software engineering artifact required advanced MYSQL database techniques while also needing more advanced UI skills to make a properly functioning application which is also appealing to the average user. My website for SNHU travel was straightforward in the sense I was able to create a faux travel website while learning industry leading techniques in HTML5 and CSS. Overall, I am very pleased with how the website turned out as well as the shift away from a java-based slide show which did not truly illustrate the potential of a travel site. Lastly, my MongoDB server gained much needed functionality in the form of a stock finder which required advanced knowledge on the mongo to python API. The mongoDB artifact within the capstone was probably my most difficult creation since I had to not only brush up on a mongo syntax but also python which had not been used in quite some time since my classes shifted towards C and C++. Thankfully, this class has given me the opportunity to relearn and master certain coding skills which I had not worked on previously. 

###### If you wish to return back to the orignal website please click the following [Link](https://erogitobc.github.io/Erogito.github.io/)
